===
AR Game Development Workshop
Hola Cetians!

The emergence of  AR is taking technology through unexplored avenues. 
Augmented reality devices may look like props from a futuristic science 
fiction, but in reality, AR technology is being used in all sorts of 
real-world applications. 

DotSlash'19 presents the AR Game development workshop.

”Our job as the game creators or developers - the programmers, artists, and 
whatnot - is that we have to kind of put ourselves in the user's shoes. We 
try to see what they're seeing, and then make it, and support what we think 
they might think. “
-Shigeru Miyamoto

Due to constant rise of the video game industry, the demand for game 
developers is increasing at a steadfast rate. We can give you the headstart 
you need in your journey to put yourself up there with the best.

Venue: Dept. Of Computer Science, College of Engineering, Trivandrum

Date : 27th April 2019

Registration fees: Rs.350

Contact : 
Abhishek S - 9846105644
Abhishek Manoharan - 8891410500
===
Blockchain Workshop
Hola Cetians !

You might Have come across the term " Distributed Ledger " , Ever Wondered 
what it means and if yes , then this is the place for you

“What is a Distributed Ledger?”, blockchain technology represents a 
revolution in how information is gathered and collected. It is less about 
maintaining a database, more about managing a system of record.

 So if you think you're Charmed by the Enigma that is Blockchain Technology 
and wish to Immerse yourself in the world of Bitcoin Transactions using 
Blockchain , Do join us as we believe in a bew age world dominated by 
Crytpography . 

Department of Computer Science and Engineering of College of Engineering 
Trivandrum presents to you at Dotslash'19 an innovative  workshop on 
Blockchain Technology

Date:  27th April 2019

Venue:  College of Engineering Trivandrum , Computer science Dept 

Registration fee:  350 Rs

So what are you waiting for ? 
Register at :

 Laptops are preferred.

Contact

Adarsh Vijay +918139004877
Sachin G       +918921037099
===
